README.md, before:

> ⚠️ Ethereum Development Tech Tree is currently under heavy construction.

# ETH Development Tech Tree
Test your skills and find some new ones by completing challenges.

There are three different types of nodes on the tree:
- Challenges: A repository that poses a problem that you must solve with Solidity. Your code is then tested to ensure your solution works, allowing you to progress.
- References: Links to source material that will help you to master a topic that will be encountered in later challenges.
- Personal Challenges: These are large scale projects that stretch your knowledge about the ecosystem. A description of the project is provided but it is up to you to fulfill the description.

When you complete challenges you unlock new challenges.
Debating whether to use a XP system where completed challenges give you a certain amount of XP and new challenges emerge once you reach a certain XP threshold.

## Quick Start
To run this CLI application
- `yarn install`
- `yarn build`
- `yarn cli`

If you are actively developing you may find it helpful to run the build and cli commands together each time since you have to build for your changes to be present.
- `yarn build && yarn cli`


# 🏗 Scaffold-ETH 2

<h4 align="center">
  <a href="https://docs.scaffoldeth.io">Documentation</a> |
  <a href="https://scaffoldeth.io">Website</a>
</h4>

🧪 An open-source, up-to-date toolkit for building decentralized applications (dapps) on the Ethereum blockchain. It's designed to make it easier for developers to create and deploy smart contracts and build user interfaces that interact with those contracts.

⚙️ Built using NextJS, RainbowKit, Hardhat, Wagmi, Viem, and Typescript.

- ✅ **Contract Hot Reload**: Your frontend auto-adapts to your smart contract as you edit it.
- 🪝 **[Custom hooks](https://docs.scaffoldeth.io/hooks/)**: Collection of React hooks wrapper around [wagmi](https://wagmi.sh/) to simplify interactions with smart contracts with typescript autocompletion.
- 🧱 [**Components**](https://docs.scaffoldeth.io/components/): Collection of common web3 components to quickly build your frontend.
- 🔥 **Burner Wallet & Local Faucet**: Quickly test your application with a burner wallet and local faucet.
- 🔐 **Integration with Wallet Providers**: Connect to different wallet providers and interact with the Ethereum network.

![Debug Contracts tab](https://github.com/scaffold-eth/scaffold-eth-2/assets/55535804/b237af0c-5027-4849-a5c1-2e31495cccb1)

## Requirements

Before you begin, you need to install the following tools:

- [Node (>= v18.17)](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- Yarn ([v1](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/) or [v2+](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install))
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)

## Quickstart

To get started with Scaffold-ETH 2, follow the steps below:

1. Install from NPM Registry and follow the CLI instructions.

```
npx create-eth@latest
```

> 💬 Hint: If you choose Foundry as solidity framework in the CLI, you'll also need Foundryup installed in your machine. Checkout: [getfoundry.sh](https://getfoundry.sh)

2. Run a local network in the first terminal:

```
yarn chain
```

This command starts a local Ethereum network using Hardhat or Foundry, depending on which one you selected in the CLI. The network runs on your local machine and can be used for testing and development. You can customize the network configuration in:

- `packages/hardhat/hardhat.config.ts` if you have Hardhat as solidity framework.
- `packages/foundry/foundry.toml` if you have Foundry as solidity framework.

3. On a second terminal, deploy the test contract:

```
yarn deploy
```

This command deploys a test smart contract to the local network. The contract can be modified to suit your needs. Is located in:

- Hardhat => `packages/hardhat/contracts`
- Foundry => `packages/foundry/contracts`

The `yarn deploy` command uses a deploy script to deploy the contract to the network. You can customize it. Is located in:

- Hardhat => `packages/hardhat/deploy`
- Foundry => `packages/foundry/script`

4. On a third terminal, start your NextJS app:

```
yarn start
```

Visit your app on: `http://localhost:3000`. You can interact with your smart contract using the `Debug Contracts` page. You can tweak the app config in `packages/nextjs/scaffold.config.ts`.

Run smart contract test with `yarn hardhat:test` or `yarn foundry:test` depending of your solidity framework.

**What's next**:

- Edit your smart contract `YourContract.sol` in `packages/hardhat/contracts`
- Edit your frontend homepage at `packages/nextjs/app/page.tsx`. For guidance on [routing](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/defining-routes) and configuring [pages/layouts](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/pages-and-layouts) checkout the Next.js documentation.
- Edit your deployment scripts in `packages/hardhat/deploy`
- Edit your smart contract test in: `packages/hardhat/test`. To run test use `yarn hardhat:test`

## Documentation

Visit our [docs](https://docs.scaffoldeth.io) to learn how to start building with Scaffold-ETH 2.

To know more about its features, check out our [website](https://scaffoldeth.io).

## Contributing to Scaffold-ETH 2

We welcome contributions to Scaffold-ETH 2!

Please see [CONTRIBUTING.MD](https://github.com/scaffold-eth/scaffold-eth-2/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information and guidelines for contributing to Scaffold-ETH 2.

Commit message:

add .state modification to quick start

README.md, after:

> ⚠️ Ethereum Development Tech Tree is currently under heavy construction.

# ETH Development Tech Tree
Test your skills and find some new ones by completing challenges.

There are three different types of nodes on the tree:
- Challenges: A repository that poses a problem that you must solve with Solidity. Your code is then tested to ensure your solution works, allowing you to progress.
- References: Links to source material that will help you to master a topic that will be encountered in later challenges.
- Personal Challenges: These are large scale projects that stretch your knowledge about the ecosystem. A description of the project is provided but it is up to you to fulfill the description.

When you complete challenges you unlock new challenges.
Debating whether to use a XP system where completed challenges give you a certain amount of XP and new challenges emerge once you reach a certain XP threshold.

## Quick Start
To run this CLI application
- Edit the file .state
  - Change the value of `address` to point to your one.
  - Change the value of `installLocation` to point to the folder where the challenges will be downloaded.
- `yarn install`
- `yarn build`
- `yarn cli`

If you are actively developing you may find it helpful to run the build and cli commands together each time since you have to build for your changes to be present.
- `yarn build && yarn cli`


# 🏗 Scaffold-ETH 2

<h4 align="center">
  <a href="https://docs.scaffoldeth.io">Documentation</a> |
  <a href="https://scaffoldeth.io">Website</a>
</h4>

🧪 An open-source, up-to-date toolkit for building decentralized applications (dapps) on the Ethereum blockchain. It's designed to make it easier for developers to create and deploy smart contracts and build user interfaces that interact with those contracts.

⚙️ Built using NextJS, RainbowKit, Hardhat, Wagmi, Viem, and Typescript.

- ✅ **Contract Hot Reload**: Your frontend auto-adapts to your smart contract as you edit it.
- 🪝 **[Custom hooks](https://docs.scaffoldeth.io/hooks/)**: Collection of React hooks wrapper around [wagmi](https://wagmi.sh/) to simplify interactions with smart contracts with typescript autocompletion.
- 🧱 [**Components**](https://docs.scaffoldeth.io/components/): Collection of common web3 components to quickly build your frontend.
- 🔥 **Burner Wallet & Local Faucet**: Quickly test your application with a burner wallet and local faucet.
- 🔐 **Integration with Wallet Providers**: Connect to different wallet providers and interact with the Ethereum network.

![Debug Contracts tab](https://github.com/scaffold-eth/scaffold-eth-2/assets/55535804/b237af0c-5027-4849-a5c1-2e31495cccb1)

## Requirements

Before you begin, you need to install the following tools:

- [Node (>= v18.17)](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- Yarn ([v1](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/) or [v2+](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install))
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)

## Quickstart

To get started with Scaffold-ETH 2, follow the steps below:

1. Install from NPM Registry and follow the CLI instructions.

```
npx create-eth@latest
```

> 💬 Hint: If you choose Foundry as solidity framework in the CLI, you'll also need Foundryup installed in your machine. Checkout: [getfoundry.sh](https://getfoundry.sh)

2. Run a local network in the first terminal:

```
yarn chain
```

This command starts a local Ethereum network using Hardhat or Foundry, depending on which one you selected in the CLI. The network runs on your local machine and can be used for testing and development. You can customize the network configuration in:

- `packages/hardhat/hardhat.config.ts` if you have Hardhat as solidity framework.
- `packages/foundry/foundry.toml` if you have Foundry as solidity framework.

3. On a second terminal, deploy the test contract:

```
yarn deploy
```

This command deploys a test smart contract to the local network. The contract can be modified to suit your needs. Is located in:

- Hardhat => `packages/hardhat/contracts`
- Foundry => `packages/foundry/contracts`

The `yarn deploy` command uses a deploy script to deploy the contract to the network. You can customize it. Is located in:

- Hardhat => `packages/hardhat/deploy`
- Foundry => `packages/foundry/script`

4. On a third terminal, start your NextJS app:

```
yarn start
```

Visit your app on: `http://localhost:3000`. You can interact with your smart contract using the `Debug Contracts` page. You can tweak the app config in `packages/nextjs/scaffold.config.ts`.

Run smart contract test with `yarn hardhat:test` or `yarn foundry:test` depending of your solidity framework.

**What's next**:

- Edit your smart contract `YourContract.sol` in `packages/hardhat/contracts`
- Edit your frontend homepage at `packages/nextjs/app/page.tsx`. For guidance on [routing](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/defining-routes) and configuring [pages/layouts](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/pages-and-layouts) checkout the Next.js documentation.
- Edit your deployment scripts in `packages/hardhat/deploy`
- Edit your smart contract test in: `packages/hardhat/test`. To run test use `yarn hardhat:test`

## Documentation

Visit our [docs](https://docs.scaffoldeth.io) to learn how to start building with Scaffold-ETH 2.

To know more about its features, check out our [website](https://scaffoldeth.io).

## Contributing to Scaffold-ETH 2

We welcome contributions to Scaffold-ETH 2!

Please see [CONTRIBUTING.MD](https://github.com/scaffold-eth/scaffold-eth-2/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information and guidelines for contributing to Scaffold-ETH 2.
